    Jack and the Prophecy   

                  The Letter 
                                              Chapter 1

 “I hope I won’t become a squib,” said Jack.
 
 Charlie replied, “ You won’t. Anyway, It’s already August. We should get our owls soon.”

 Jack and Charlie  were both born by a witch and a wizard. They were hoping to get their owls for Hogwarts. Swoosh! Two owls, one brown with  speckled with orange spots, and one that was snowy white. They were carrying a letter each. Jack tore open his letter and it said:

Dear Peterson,
 We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 of September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.
Yours sincerely,
Minerva McGonagall
Deputy Headmistress


 
	Jack thought that it was the happiest day of his life. He took out the second page. It said:

UNIFORM
First-year students will require:
1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)
Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.
COURSE BOOKS
All students should have a copy of each of the following:
The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1)
by Miranda Goshawk
A History of Magic
by Bathilda Bagshot
Magical Theory
by Adalbert Waffling
A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration
by Emeric Switch
One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi
by Phyllida Spore
Magical Drafts and Potions
by Arsenius Jigger 
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
By Newt Scamander
 
Other Items
1 wand
1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)
1 set of glass or crystal phials
1 telescope
1 set of brass scales

Students may also bring an owl OR a toad OR a cat, if they desire

Parents are also reminded that first years are not allowed their own broomsticks.

Yours Sincerely,
Minerva McGonagall

Jack looked at Charlie, and saw such a beaming look on his face. They talked to their parents and they were allowed to go to Diagon Alley the next day!






                  Diagon Alley
                             Chapter 2

“Come on, Charlie” said Jack, “ I’ve been waiting for 15 minutes.” 

Charlie  replied, “ Well, it’s not my fault that you got dressed super fast!”
 The boys were about to go to Diagon Alley, the most famous shopping place for wizards, for the first time.

 “Charlie, if you are not down here in the next 5 minutes, we’ll leave without you” said the boys’ mom.

 “I’m here, I’m here,” said Charlie. 

“Are we ready then? Finally, let's go!” That was the boys’ father.

 They were going to Diagon Alley through Floo Powder.

  “DIAGON ALLEY!” cried Jack.

 Whoosh! He landed in Madam Puddifoot’s tea & beverages shop. He went outside and saw Charlie coming out of Madam Malkin’s robe shop. Jenny and Frank were with hm.

 “ Come On, Jack” said Mom, “ Let’s go to Gringotts”
 After the had collected their gold, they went back to Madam Malkin’s robe shop. There they got their own robes. Then they went to a variety of bookshops to get the required books. Then, they went to the Rowan Family Owned Wand Shop. Jack bought an almond wand with a dragon heartstring core.  Charles got a peach wand with a unicorn hair core. Then, they went to Madam Malkin’s robe shop and got robes. Then they went to the new store that had just opened, The Magical Library. 

Jack said, “ OMG, these books are priceless! They are way better than the ones that we have at home.”

Charlie said, “ Yeah, can we, like, buy the store?”

“Well, it would cost you 1,357,738,484 galleons, 519,456,555 sikles, and 73,295 knuts” , said a store clerk who appeared out of nowhere. 

After that, when they had gotten all the supplies that was needed, they divided into different places. Jack went to the pet store. Charlie went to the robe store. Mom and Dad went to the Leaky Cauldron to get a drink. 

“Finally, let’s go home. Today has been a tiring day filled with excitement, but I am ready to go to bed.” said Jack.
What Jack didn't know is that even though today had been a really exciting day, he had tons left to come in the next year.